WIP: Drafts of governance, roadmap (#1016)
nipy/nibabel: doc/source/devel/governance.rst

have shown they can be trusted to maintain Nibabel with care. Becoming a
core developer allows contributors to merge approved pull requests, cast votes
for and against merging a pull request, and be involved in deciding major
changes to the API, and thereby more easily carry on with their project related
activities. Core developers appear as team members on the `Nibabel Core Team
page <https://github.com/orgs/nipy/teams/nibabel-core-developers/members>`_ and
can be messaged ``@nipy/nibabel-core-developers``. We expect core developers to
review code contributions while adhering to the :ref:`core_dev`.

New core developers can be nominated by any existing core developer. Discussion
about new core developer nominations is one of the few activities that takes
place on the project's private management list. The decision to invite a new
core developer must be made by “lazy consensus”, meaning unanimous agreement by
all responding existing core developers. Invitation must take place at least
one week after initial nomination, to allow existing members time to voice any
objections.

.. _steering_council:

Steering Council
----------------

> The Steering Council (SC) members are core developers who have additional
> responsibilities to ensure the smooth running of the project. SC members are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Steering Council (SC) members are current or former core developers who
have additional responsibilities to ensure the smooth running of the project.
SC members are
```

Core developers are expected to distinguish between fundamental objections to a
proposal and minor perceived flaws that they can live with, and not hold up the
decision making process for the latter.  If no option can be found without
an objection, the decision is escalated to the SC, which will itself use
consensus seeking to come to a resolution. In the unlikely event that there is
still a deadlock, the proposal will move forward if it has the support of a
simple majority of the SC. Any proposal must be described by a Nibabel :ref:`biap`.

Decisions (in addition to adding core developers and SC membership as above)
are made according to the following rules:

- **Minor documentation changes**, such as typo fixes, or addition / correction
  of a sentence (but no change of the Nibabel landing page or the “about”
  page), require approval by a core developer *and* no disagreement or
  requested changes by a core developer on the issue or pull request page (lazy
  consensus). Core developers are expected to give “reasonable time” to others
  to give their opinion on the pull request if they’re not confident others
  would agree.

> - **Code changes and major documentation changes** require agreement by *two*
>   core developers *and* no disagreement or requested changes by a core
>   developer on the issue or pull-request page (lazy consensus).

Reviewer: A requirement for two reviewers is a high bar for nibabel, historically. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- **Code changes and major documentation changes** require approval by *two*
  reviewers, including at least one core developer, *and* no disagreement or
  requested changes by a core developer on the issue or pull-request page
  (lazy consensus). If a core developer calls for a second review, they may
  merge after a "reasonable" interval.
```

Author: I changed the two to "one" in the modified version.  Is that OK?

Reviewer: Yes, that's fine.
